Computing group meeting April 30, 2019
======================================
Can be sharing of responsibilities with other people in the LIGO computing
Get Alex P involved more in GraceDB
Warren is going to handle weekly coordination of this group
Replacing Tom
    Get cluster/sysadmin stuff handed off to research computing on campus; provides continuity
    Not sure when we will open a recruitment, depends on what campus can do for us; planning to investigate more in a few weeks


New tasks
------------------------------------
Adam - Gitlab upgrades, changes, etc.
Shawn - Condor, ESXi
Patrick - frame file copying to UWM
Tanner - AWS guy
    Tom will contact Unisys to put my name in place of his everywhere
    Credits with unisys will expire in August or September, need to identify a funding string going forward
    Ask Patrick - can we throw $10K at this before the end of the fiscal year?


Meeting with Scott and Tom
--------------------------
Arguments to ProxyPass that I should look at
Can configure the ProxyPass with a TCP keepalive, can't set the time, picks it up from host, can be a pain
Ask Scott for "hack" for formatting logs if we can't get it working in gunicorn (error log might be problematic)
Look at 404 errors trying to get bayestar.fits - when was it uploaded? Are they querying even before it was uploaded?
Default NFS4 mount option = async
    EFS vs S3??
Container volume
